Colin Kaepernick became a starting quarterback during the 49ers 63rd season in the National Football League.
Tilda Swinton is a vegan.
Fox 2000 Pictures released the film Soul Food.
Anne Rice was born in New Jersey.
Telemundo is a English-language television network.
Damon Albarn's debut album was released in 2011.
There is a capital called Mogadishu.
Savages was exclusively a German film.
Happiness in Slavery is a gospel song by Nine Inch Nails.
Andrew Kevin Walker is only Chinese.
Shooter is about an expert marksman who tries to stop the assassination of the president.
House is a sitcom.
The Cretaceous ended.
Murda Beatz's real name is Marshall Mathers.
Nicholas Brody is a character on Homeland.
Charles Manson has been proven innocent of all crimes.
Sean Penn is only ever a stage actor.
Don Bradman retired from soccer.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of Arista Records for four years.
Brad Wilk helped co-found Rage in 1962.
CBS is the network that aired The Millers.
Annette Badland was in the 2015 NBA Finals.
Edgar Wright is a person.
Ann Richards was professionally involved in politics.
Drake Bell put out an EP.
Janet Leigh was incapable of writing.
Simón Bolívar is only known as Simón Bolívar.
Bermuda Triangle is in the western part of the Himalayas.
Colin Kaepernick became a starter during the 49ers 63rd season in the Republican Party.
Marnie was directed by someone who was "The Master of Nothing".
Advertising is a personal message.
Hot Right Now is mistakenly attributed to DJ Fresh.
Private Lives is a three act play from 1930.
Giada at Home was only available on DVD.
Harold Macmillan was born on February 20, 1894.
Aristotle spent time in Athens.
David Packouz refused to be an entrepreneur.
Magic Johnson did not play for the Lakers.
Tenacious D started in 1997.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for Scotland and England.
Marcus Bentley is a broadcaster.
Saxony is in Ireland.
In the End has baseball in it.
Mel B released a song on Virgin Records in 2007.
Noah Cyrus is a younger sister of Macy Grey.
Mohra is a truck.
Hourglass is performed by a Russian singer-songwriter.
Shane Black was born in 1961.
A View to a Kill is an action movie.
Papua comprised all of Indonesia.
There are not rumors that Augustus' wife, Livia, poisoned him.
Jennifer Lopez made a single.
A working animal is trained to perform life saving tasks.
Billboard Dad is a genre of music.
Vedam was written and directed by Christopher Nolan.
Men in Black II stars eight children.
Sancho Panza is a character in Don Quixote.
Magic Johnson was a tap dancer.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was reviewed by Ron Underwood.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place at the Battle of Hastings.
Brazzers is a company.
Tim Roth is an English actor.
Juventus F.C. rejected their traditional black-and-white-striped home uniform in 1903.
Ernest Medina participated in the My Lai Massacre.
Viola Davis appeared in Kate & Leopold as Darth Maul.
Jenna Jameson worked as a glamor model and a stripper.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in the National Football Association.
Caroline Kennedy is a Catholic.
Starrcade was an annual professional wrestling event that began in 1988.
Jack Falahee is a person who acts.
Seohyun is a dog.
Steve Wozniak was born after the Apple II came out.
A&E is a cable and satellite television network.
L.A. Reid has served as the president of a record label.
Veeram is something other than an Indian Tamil film.
Home for the Holidays stars an American actress.
Taran Killam is an American writer.
Jayasudha is an actor that stars in Daag.
XHamster's The Sex Factor forces eight men and eight women to battle to become a porn star.
John Dolmayan was born on July 15, 1873.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by a lake.
Island Records is a music school.
Sikkim is a part of the World Bank.
Christa McAuliffe taught social studies at Concord High School.
Ron Weasley is a President.
Reign Over Me was released in 2017.
Colin Kaepernick is a poker player.
Sheryl Lee has yet to appear in a film as of 2016.
Matteo Renzi is German.
The Road to El Dorado stars Tim Allen.
The highest point of the Hindu Kush is Everest.
Same Old Love is disassociated from Selena Gomez.
The heart beats at a resting rate close to 22 beats per minute.
Weekly Idol is hosted by Yoo Jae Suk.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the early 1970's.
Bermuda Triangle is also known by another name.
Ashton Kutcher was directed by George Clooney.
Topman has clothing outlets in six Irish cities and towns.
Wales' population changed.
Tool has won three Oscars.
